IN THE PROJECT NAME OF BEACON

DURATION :15-JUL-2023 to 01-APR-2024


Major BUG Fixes

1.Promotion SMS DN not working case BUG fixed
2.Other than INR Currency not Working BUG Fixed
3.Internation SMS AED Currency not working BUG fixed
4.Internation CLient Wise routing not working BUG fixed.
5.the SMS Rate Cost of Customer of Dubai changed while EUR value is changed BUG Fixed
6.In the BATCH DELETE process of Scheduling SMS to make it a SINGLE DELETE to avoid the duplicate Possiblity of SMS.
7.Kannel submission HTTP Timed out Hardcode value increase to 1000 Milli Second to avoid the duplicate issue in International Platform.
8.Middleware Log are make it as developer readable Format improved 
9.ILDL SMS Delivery Issue BUG fixed
10.ILDL Senderid Rejection Issue BUG fixed.
.

 
Improments:

1. deployment script changed from shell script to docker-compose.yaml file

2. builds are released as a docker container.

3. Now we are tag the released docker container image

4. more than 150 module as a 150 git project converted to Single git project.

5. before there is no option to tag the source code,now we are able to tag the release in source code in git repository

6. build the artifact release from source code taken time reduced from 8 minutes to 2.5 minutes it will help to reduce the development time

7. Total SMS platform released Binary Size reduced from  41 GB to 400 MB.it will help the product move any where easily which saved Bandwith.

8. remove the JFROG java release jar file registry dependency.

9. Introduce the docker registry to maintain the docker container image release tag.

10. Toatally more than 300 releases are done in the perspective of improvement and BUG fixes.

11. Running Infrastructure Resource reduced from X core Y RAM GB to Y core X RAM GB which will help to reduce the monthly Infra Rental cost.

12. Introduce ELK (Elasticsearch Logstash Kibana) for log analysis in Development Environment.

13. recreate the Development Environment from scratch.(mysql,kafka,redis,postgres,elasticsearch,docker,docker-compose,logstash,kibana,application Running Environment)

14. recreate the prometheus Alertmanager and Kibana for monitoring the Application.

15. dockerize the kannel which will help to automate the carrier configuration in Future.

16. production and development deployment scripts are manintain in Git Repository

17.Processing the SMS in MiddleWare LAYER involved 11 JVM that was merged as a single JVM that will reduce the RUNNING Infrastructure Resoure and perfomance of processing the SMS reduced to 		10 to 15 Milli Second in Middle WARE LAYER.

18.MCC,MNC Column add in Submision Table.

19.Intetified Optimized value of Theard count for reduced VM .(STILL WORKING)


20.explore and achive SSL enabled in Kannel opensource GateWay.
21.explore and achive Dubai Carrier specific TAG will be add in Kannel configuration
22.introduce docker kannel in Beacon Platform and make its new kannel added process is simple. 
23.Major production Releases are  initial docker deployment,beacon deployment and tiger deployment achieve by multiple production release